Robot simulation is an essential tool in every roboticist's toolbox. A well-designed simulator makes it possible to rapidly test algorithms, design robots, and perform regression testing using realistic scenarios. Gazebo offers the ability to accurately and efficiently simulate populations of robots in complex indoor and outdoor environments. At your fingertips is a robust physics engine, high-quality graphics, and convenient programmatic interfaces. Best of all, Gazebo is free with a vibrant community.
This dockerized image of Gazebo is intended to provide a simplified and consistent platform to build and deploy cloud based robotic simulations. Built from the [official Ubuntu image](https://hub.docker.com/_/ubuntu/) and Gazebo's official Debian packages, it includes recent supported releases for quick access and download. This provides roboticists in research and industry with an easy way to develop continuous integration and testing on training for autonomous actions and task planning, control dynamics and regions of stability, kinematic modeling and prototype characterization, localization and mapping algorithms, swarm behavior and networking, as well as general system integration and validation.
Conducting such complex simulations with high validity remains computationally demanding, and oftentimes outside the capacity of a modest local workstation. With the added complexity of the algorithms being benchmarked, we can soon exceed the capacity of even the most formidable servers. This is why a more distributed approach remains attractive for those who begin to encounter limitations of a centralized computing host. However, the added complication of building and maintaining a distributed testbed over a set of clusters has for a while required more time and effort than many smaller labs and businesses would have deemed appropriate to implement.
With the advancements and standardization of software containers, roboticists are primed to acquire a host of improved developer tooling for building and shipping software. To help alleviate the growing pains and technical challenges of adopting new practices, we have focused on providing an official resource for using Gazebo with these new technologies.
The `gzserver` tags are designed to have a small footprint and simple configuration, thus only include required Gazebo dependencies. The standard messaging port `11345` is exposed to allow for client connections and messages API.